Make spawn timeout into a pytest argument to solve false negative in tests (#2250)
copier-org/copier: CONTRIBUTING.md

    uv run poe lint
    ```

    !!! note

        If you get fails due to `pexpect.exceptions.TIMEOUT: <pexpect.popen_spawn.PopenSpawn object at 0x............>`, you can adjust the timeout to a longer one (default: `10`), or remove the timeout (`None`).
        Either add it as an argument in your command:
        ```shell

>         uv run poe test --spawn-timeout None

Author: (Done: [docs(CONTRIBUTING.md): replace `None` by `0` for `--spawn-timeout` py…](https://github.com/copier-org/copier/pull/2250/commits/f052f1dad3cbe14acc1a5b2e240d44295f2d71ac) [f052f1d](https://github.com/copier-org/copier/pull/2250/commits/f052f1dad3cbe14acc1a5b2e240d44295f2d71ac))

        ```

>         Or modify pytest arguments in VSCode Workspace settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Or modify pytest arguments in VS Code workspace settings:
```

:nerd_face:

        ```json title=".vscode/settings.json"
        {
          ...
          "python.testing.pytestArgs": [

>             "--spawn-timeout=None"

Author: (Done: [docs(CONTRIBUTING.md): replace `None` by `0` for `--spawn-timeout` py…](https://github.com/copier-org/copier/pull/2250/commits/f052f1dad3cbe14acc1a5b2e240d44295f2d71ac) [f052f1d](https://github.com/copier-org/copier/pull/2250/commits/f052f1dad3cbe14acc1a5b2e240d44295f2d71ac))

>         If you get fails due to `pexpect.exceptions.TIMEOUT: <pexpect.popen_spawn.PopenSpawn object at 0x............>`, you can adjust the timeout to a longer one (default: `10`), or remove the timeout (`0`).
>         Either add it as an argument in your command:
>         ```shell
>         uv run poe test --spawn-timeout 0
>         ```
>         Or modify pytest arguments in VS Code workspace settings:
>         ```json title=".vscode/settings.json"
>         {
>           ...
>           "python.testing.pytestArgs": [
>             "--spawn-timeout=0"
>           ]
>         }
>         ```

Reviewer: Prettier doesn't recognize Material for MkDocs' admonition content as regular Markdown content and thus doesn't apply formatting, so we need to format it manually:

```suggestion
        If you get fails due to
        `pexpect.exceptions.TIMEOUT: <pexpect.popen_spawn.PopenSpawn object at 0x............>`,
        you can adjust the timeout to a longer one (default: `10`), or remove the
        timeout (`0`). Either add it as an argument in your command:

        ```shell
        uv run poe test --spawn-timeout 0
        ```

        Or modify pytest arguments in VS Code workspace settings:

        ```json title=".vscode/settings.json"
        {
          ...
          "python.testing.pytestArgs": [
            "--spawn-timeout=0"
          ]
        }
        ```
```
